Hi,

 

Thank you for applying for the role of Senior Engineer.

 

Attached is an assignment as part of our interview process. This is designed is to assess your Technical Coding skills.

In the attachment, you will find the assignment itself as well as detailed instructions about how to complete the assignment.

 

Please make sure to read all the instructions as they will help you complete the assignment more successfully. 

You are expected to respond it in Git Repo format.

 

 

Generic Instructions:

o Use any frontend or backend technology of your choice

o Should be accompanied by unit tests & preferably written using TDD approach

o Should commit code to a public git repository (GitHub) under a public handle

o Use generic package names; don’t reference Maersk or any other Maersk brand

o Commits should be incremental so that one can look at the commit log and make sense of

how the code has progressed along with the test cases. (recommended at least up to 20

commits to show how the code progresses; larger number of commits isn’t a problem)

o Explain clearly on how to run the backend in the submission

o Don’t spend more than 3 hours - 4 hours.

 

Use below instructions:

·  From Design – Proper OOAD (Object Oriented Analysis and Design) & Design patterns applicability are being followed

Ex – Composition over Inheritance
·  Proper Usage of right data structures & loops / iterations (if any) / features  from preferred programming language standpoint ( C# - ASP.NET Vs Java – Spring Boot)

·  If certain logic needs to be implemented via functional programming please feel free to do so

·  Design Aspects – Extensibility / Reusability  aspects to be given importance (since design is expected to be modular) & Unit testing

 

Below things to be avoided:

Code uploaded as a zip file
Tests aren’t simple enough; e.g. special code has been written to facilitate the test execution
Code does not use any objects and relies heavily on primitive blocks like if / then / else.
Code with excessive cyclomatic complexity
 

Kindly note that you have to complete it and revert by ASAP.

 

Good luck with the assignment.